Talk to me, everyone is good and zac eric.
critically and in today's video let's
talk about more achievements and activities
which are practically impossible to
to get there
despite being a video about shyness
Impossible, I'll start by talking about
which is not very active among but is a
conquest so fucking that it simply has
that appears here so you can use
ring of death metal has dark souls 2
You need to finish a game without sitting down.
no good fire is exactly was
that's exactly what I said you do not
can sit no good to do to
hold or anything can ascend
the bad fighters bon to create can be
credit checkpoint but does not have
how to hold onto them so I always feel
a good do alone ended up
Just kidding
Look what the fucking bastard is now
imagine the number of bosses who have
to face the amount of work
who should actually give it to do
there after you finished the game winning
final boss and everything else
have to wait for the credits to pass
Then I feel like the ring of the problem is
there are people who have jumped
credits and do not get that slutty
daflon software is our second
I had it today it's a limbo called
at the point nda in angola of this team is
finish a game without dying any time
not taking into account that
There is no way to save in language.
saving automatically such that
practically anything kills you in the
This is a very complicated business .
do
and worst of all in xbox 360 at least only
worth 10 points I've already had third
service that is practically impossible to
to get is the dead space 2 hardcore
it's his name
Our next tough team is
the dead space 2 hardcore
In there you have to play hardcore mode.
of the game where you can only save three
times
Until then, it's okay if you die.
died and start the game all over again only
what a fack
and then you lose hours and hours and hours
It's many hours of gameplay done.
You won the internet and the network that did not
What is that gun that 's fucking hard?
that the wing that shoots with since fourth
advent of our list is the gold standard
gran turismo 5 in it you have to
finish every race every
tests of
think absolutely everything with the goal
That means there's going to be a lot of people.
calls the cupe for finishing a
thousandth of a second after time
minimum to get gold
now imagine the time you will lose
doing all the licenses and
absolutely everything to stay with the moon
full of gold in absolutely everything can
happen you have to do everything and to
close our list we have the last one
active that closing our list we
we have the maicon activation trophy I went
sondermann
he's basically got to play with the
28 characters in the game for 24 hours
Do No Fatality Win Without Fight Play
24 hours again I already told you to do 150
Ex-king moves and you only have 10
thousand liters of blood
now it's 24 hours in 28 character
means that you have to keep playing the
game
at least about three months four
months to get shit on the team
if you got it you have no life
basically good people we stayed here
short on favorite to leave
comments and until the next share
videos with friends your beautiful shaw
people kisses